All right, congratulations.
You're about 75% done the course.
Great job.
Okay, so this exercise is similar
to the bond exercise we just in did in exercise 20,
except we're adding commodities.
And we're gonna add six commodity ETFs,
and then what we'll do is
we will then answer these questions here.
Okay, so let's first of all go
and create a new portfolio,
and the first thing we'll add is GLD,
which is gold,
and then we'll add silver,
and then we're add oil.
Okay, these are three ETFs for commodities.
Okay, so let's do it.
Let's use Safari again.
My Portfolio.
And we're gonna create a new portfolio,
and I'll call it Exercise 21.
Okay.
And we're gonna add the first three,
which I remember were GLD is gold,
SLV, that's silver,
and then USO, which is an oil index.
And we got three more.
We're gonna add RJI.
Okay, RJI.
Okay, and, yeah,
there's a guy named Jim Rogers,
and that's his ETF.
Read his books if you want.
I read a book of his in '08 called "A Bull in China,"
and it was awesome.
And he's very bullish and a little out there,
but brilliant on...
He's bullish when it comes to,
and brilliant when it comes to commodities.
Read the book.
You'll enjoy it.
All right, next one is JJC,
which is a copper commodity investments.
JJC.
And then we got GSG,
which is a GSCI, that's Goldman Sachs Commodity Index.
Okay, good.
GSG.
Enter.
And there we go.
We've got them all added.
Okay, great.
And I wanna have every single heading shown there.
So I'll go to Edit View
and make sure they're all selected,
and they are, good.
That's fine.
Okay, good.
Now I'm gonna copy all this stuff,
including the header,
like always.
Copy.
Then we're gonna go to the Settings tab,
and I'm gonna overwrite what I entered last time,
and I'm gonna overwrite what I did last time, okay?
So right here,
just paste right on top of it.
There we go.
Paste.
Cool.
And as you know,
whenever you do this,
the data is actually overwritten
directly in your portfolio.
So you can click on your portfolio
to see the stocks in there,
or whatever history you add there.
Now we're gonna go back to exercise 21, commodities,
and we see that the information is populated here,
and now we'll answer these six questions.
All right, the first one is,
using Yahoo Finance as always,
find out what the inception date was
for the SPDR Gold Shares investment.
Okay.
So we know that it's GLD down here.
And the reason these questions are out of order,
just, like, I don't know if you need to know this,
but sometimes it gets re-ordered
when you put them into Yahoo.
That's why my questions seem out of order.
But it doesn't matter, okay?
Anyway, too much information.
So what I'll do is I'm just gonna copy this.
And what was the inception date?
So we'll go here,
paste it.
GLD.
And if you click on Summary,
you see the inception date is November 18th, 2004.
Wow, I thought it was older than that.
Okay, next question.
And you can just paste that there if you want.
Okay, using Yahoo Finance,
what was the volume of shares
that traded on the silver trust investment, okay?
And silver I know is SLV, okay?
So what was the volume on November 9th, 2017 for SLV?
Okay, SLV.
And that was November 9, okay, check.
Historical Data.
November 9th, where's the volume?
Here we go.
It's on the last one.
Last column.
Okay, November 9th volume was four point,
roughly 4.3 million shares.
Okay, good.
You can enter that there if you want.
Question three.
What was the expense ratio for USO?
Okay.
Go back here.
We see the expense ratio is 0.32% for USO.
All right.
How many commodity future contracts
are in the ELEMENTS Rogers International Commodity?
Okay, so let me just copy this here.
It's asking me how many commodity futures contracts.
Okay.
So if you click on Options,
you can see the information here.
Okay.
A little bit outside the scope of this course,
but that's where you'll find it, anyway.
And I don't want you to buy options
because I think it's too risky.
All right, next up.
What is the year to date return,
and right now I'm close,
just before Christmas 2017,
for the iPath Bloomberg Copper,
and I can just actually get it from there.
It's JJC is the ticker.
Okay, JJC year to date.
For me I'm in 2017.
You're probably in '18 or later.
Okay, go here.
21%.
Okay, last question.
Using Yahoo Finance,
find out the net asset value
of the iShares GSCI Commodity.
Okay, net asset value, that's NAV.
GSG is the ticker.
15.67.
Okay, great.
So we are done with this exercise.
If you have any questions, please let me know.
Thanks.